doc: Updates guides & examples for removal of `mongodbatlas_advanced_cluster` deprecated params (#3634)
mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas: docs/guides/advanced-cluster-new-sharding-schema.md

# Migration Guide: Advanced Cluster New Sharding Configurations

> **Objective**: Use this guide to migrate your existing `advanced_cluster` resources that may be using the legacy sharding schema (i.e. using `num_shards`) to support the new sharding configurations instead. The new sharding configurations allow you to scale shards independently. Additionally, compute auto-scaling supports scaling instance sizes independently for each shard when using the new sharding configuration.

Reviewer: Should we make explicit here that num_shards was deprecated in 1.18.0 and removed in 2.0.0? I see we do reiterate throughout the doc, but can be good to make clear here at the start.

Author: added

> **Objective**: Use this guide to migrate your existing `advanced_cluster` resources that may be using the legacy sharding schema _(i.e. using `num_shards` which was deprecated in v1.18.0 and removed in 2.0.0)_ to support the new sharding configurations instead. The new sharding configurations allow you to scale shards independently. Additionally, compute auto-scaling supports scaling instance sizes independently for each shard when using the new sharding configuration.

Reviewer 2: nit: refer by the full resource name, mongodbatlas_advanced_cluster,  same for all occurences

Author: makes sense, fixed

}
```

### Migrate advanced_cluster type `GEOSHARDED`

> Consider the following configuration of a `GEOSHARDED` cluster using the deprecated (now removed) `num_shards`:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Consider the following configuration of a `GEOSHARDED` cluster using the deprecated (removed in v2.0.0) `num_shards`:
```

  }]
  lifecycle { # avoids future non-empty plans as instance size start to scale from initial values
    ignore_changes = [ 
      replication_specs[0].region_configs[0].electable_specs.instance_size, 
      replication_specs[0].region_configs[0].analytics_specs.instance_size, 
      replication_specs[1].region_configs[0].electable_specs.instance_size,
      replication_specs[1].region_configs[0].analytics_specs.instance_size
    ]
  }
}
```

While the example initially defines 2 symmetric shards, auto-scaling of `electable_specs` or `analytic_specs` can lead to asymmetric shards due to changes in `instance_size`.

> -> **NOTE:** In the following scenarios, a `mongodbatlas_advanced_cluster` using the new sharding configuration (single `replication_specs` per shard) might not have shard-level auto-scaling enabled: <br/>1. Configuration was defined prior to version 1.23.0 when auto-scaling per shard feature was released.<br/>2. Cluster was imported from a legacy schema (For example, `mongodbatlas_cluster` or `mongodbatlas_advanced_cluster` using `num_shards` > 1).<br/><br/>In these cases, you must update the cluster configuration to activate the auto-scaling per shard feature. This can be done by temporarily modifying a value like `compute_min_instance_size`.

Reviewer: Would add the 3rd case of users transitioning from 1.x directly to 2.x, the transition does not trigger any update operation so autoscaling will remain CLUSTER wide.

Author: added
